     * Middle East Tensions
     * Harvey Weinstein Charges
     * SpaceX Rocket Launch
     * Puerto Rico Earthquake
     * John Bolton
     * George Lopez
     * Drone Swarms
     * Ikea Settlement
     * Pier 1 Imports

     * News
          +
               o US
               o World
               o Politics
               o Entertainment
               o Health
               o MoneyWatch
               o Technology
               o Science
               o Crime
               o Sports
          +
               o
                    # Defense chief says U.S. has no plans to withdraw
                      from Iraq
                    # Harvey Weinstein faces sexual assault charges in Los
                      Angeles
                    # Pompeo tells McConnell he won't run for Senate
                    # Ikea to pay $46 million to end suit over dresser
                      that killed child
                    # FBI investigating mysterious drones in 3 states
                    # Trump Jr. shows off rifle with depiction of Hillary
                      Clinton behind bars
                    # Lawsuit opens door for more sex abuse claims against
                      Boy Scouts
                    # Suspect may have released bedbugs at Pennsylvania
                      Walmart
                    # Pier 1 Imports to close as many as 450 stores
     * U.S.-Iran Tensions
          + Defense chief says U.S. has no plans to withdraw from Iraq
          + McConnell slams Democrats for rushing to "downplay Soleimani's
            evil"
          + What to know about the president's war powers & limitations
            when it comes to Iran
          + Pelosi: House will vote on war powers resolution this week
          + Iran's supreme leader weeps over casket of slain top general
          + Rubio: U.S. strike on Iranian general "had to happen"
          + Petraeus: "Impossible to overstate" significance of Soleimani
            strike
          + Murphy: Iran strike opens "Pandora's box" endangering U.S.
            officials
          + Pompeo says U.S. will "do our best" to release intel on Iran
            threats
     * Shows
          + CBS This Morning
          + CBS Evening News
          + 60 Minutes
          + Face The Nation
          + Sunday Morning
          + 48 Hours
          + CBSN Originals
          + NCIS: The Cases They Can't Forget
          +
     * Live
          + logo-cbsn-1920x1080-new.jpg Latest headlines
          + logo-cbsn-bayarea-1920x1080.jpg CBSN Bay Area
          + logo-cbsn-boston-1920x1080.jpg CBSN Boston
          + logo-cbsnla-1920x1080-new.jpg CBSN Los Angeles
          + placeholder.jpg CBSN Minnesota
          + logo-cbsnny-1920x1080-new.jpg CBSN New York
          + cbs-sports-hq.png CBS Sports HQ
          + ET Live Logo (747x420) ET Live
          +
     * LIVE
     * More
          +
               o Latest
               o Video
               o Photos
               o Podcasts
               o In Depth
               o Local
          +
               o Log In
               o Alerts
               o Mobile
               o RSS
               o Shop
     * Search (BUTTON) Search: ____________________

   Live

   Watch CBSN Live
   (BUTTON)

In one corner of U.S., trade wars aren't that "easy to win"

     *
     *
     *

   By Rachel Layne

   November 18, 2019 / 2:50 PM / MoneyWatch

   York County, Pennsylvania, nestled along the Mason-Dixon line at the
   Maryland border about 50 miles west of Philadelphia, has a central
   place in U.S. history. The Continental Congress met there to draft the
   new nation's founding documents in 1777 and 1778.

   Now, the county is a snapshot of contemporary America, with its borders
   encompassing farms, factories, suburban malls and city life. One in
   five adults in York County work in manufacturing, about twice the state
   average. The county's top agriculture products include soybeans and
   hogs, while downtown York City is home to a rising number of
   entrepreneurs.

   And like the rest of the country, all of them have had to adjust to the
   U.S. trade war with China, a conflict President Donald Trump once
   declared "easy to win." Other big changes in trade, including the wait
   for the new U.S.-Mexico-Canada Agreement (USMCA) trade agreement and
   lingering impacts from Chinese and European counter-tariffs, have
   multiplied the challenges.

Trending News

     * Ikea to pay $46 million to end suit over dresser that killed child
     * Pier 1 Imports to close as many as 450 stores
     * Firm guarding U.S. diplomats in Baghdad could go bankrupt
     * Potentially "catastrophic" issue with 737 Max wiring
     * Minimum wage doesn't cover the rent anywhere in U.S.

   Though China and the U.S. declared a temporary truce in the trade war
   in early October and are working on a "phase one" deal, it's still not
   clear whether a full armistice will happen any time soon. President
   Trump last week said if a deal isn't reached, the U.S. would likely
   raise tariffs even more.

   York County "really is ground zero for this, the tariffs," Kevin
   Schreiber, CEO of the York County Economic Alliance, told CBS
   MoneyWatch. "There are real people behind these numbers. And you know,
   there are real families impacted."

Absorbing the costs of higher tariffs

   If you have a sweet tooth, you'll know York County as the birthplace of
   the York Peppermint Pattie. If you're in manufacturing, you'll
   recognize it as the home of York brand heating and cooling systems.
   26815726464-2fc59a7d62-m.jpg York County, Pennsylvania, has prospered
   through four centuries of change, and today is a snapshot of the modern
   American economy, with manufacturing, farming, suburban malls and city
   life all within its borders.  jimmywayne

   So far, York County's manufacturers seem to be shouldering the costs of
   paying higher tariffs on the supplies they need to make their goods,
   despite a nationwide manufacturing slump blamed at least in part on the
   trade war. The county's unemployment rate, though creeping
   higher, averaged 3.6% in the nine months through September — close to
   the historically low rate nationwide. And the housing market is still
   growing.

   But there's anxiety among York's business owners, farmers, retailers
   and manufacturers.

   JLS Automation, a specialty maker of food and agriculture packaging
   equipment with about 70 employees, has been able to absorb higher
   material costs, CEO Craig Souser told CBS MoneyWatch in October. Some
   expenses since the steel and aluminum tariffs on imports from Canada
   and Mexico have eased since the USMCA was penned last year. (So far,
   only Mexico has approved the USMCA deal.)

   In June, JLS hosted Vice President Mike Pence as part of a tour urging
   Congress to pass the new trade agreement.

   Up to 20% of JLS's specialized machines are exported, mostly to Canada.
   Souser wants the USMCA passed so companies have certainty when it comes
   to the rules, he said. Emotions can run high on both sides of the
   border, with Souser worrying that a Canadian customer angry at U.S.
   policies could turn to Canadian or European competitors to buy
   machines.

   "We will be competitive. We will make our equipment desirable," he
   said. "We just don't want some kind of attack that makes our equipment
   unrealistically unaffordable" or "emotionally unwanted."

Pleading for a break from Washington

   Manufacturers like JLS rely on the skilled labor force that clusters in
   York, said Souser, who grew up in the area. Big companies like Harley
   Davidson, aerospace giant BAE Systems and multinational conglomerate
   Johnson Controls, which bought York heating and cooling in 2005, mean a
   pool of highly skilled workers are nearby. Harley this year expanded
   the local plant by 400 people after shutting U.S. plants elsewhere, a
   relief to locals.

   The workforce is one reason Klinge Corp., the only U.S. company that
   custom-fits large shipping containers with specialized designs and
   temperature controls, stays put in York County even as its bigger
   competitors have all moved overseas.

   Klinge's containers carry everything from pharmaceuticals to oil and
   gas to dairy products. But the basic shell containers needed to
   retrofit the vessels are made exclusively in China and must be
   imported, CEO Allan Klinge said in testimony before the Office of the
   United States Trade Representative in June.

   Trump's tariffs are about to make some of your favorite European
   products a lot pricier

   Klinge, with around 70 employees, is already paying higher metal costs
   stemming from steel and aluminum tariffs imposed last year along with
   other increased costs, like copper parts. Klinge also pays tariffs
   China has slapped on U.S. goods that are shipped there. Up to 80% of
   the company's sales can depend on exports.

   Allan Klinge's Washington plea worked. The 35-year-old family business
   won a rare exemption in September — the shell containers were left off
   the final China tariff list.

   "It was an unsettling experience to go through, to not really know what
   the outcome was going to be, and we're quite happy they removed us,"
   Klinge told CBS MoneyWatch.

   Klinge recently redesigned its containers to be more efficient in a bid
   to lift profits. Instead, even with the tariff exemption, the company
   will use that buffer to absorb costs.

   Another concern moving outside the U.S. would bring: safeguarding
   Klinge's intellectual property.

   "We stay, because we continue to innovate," Allan Klinge said. "And
   it's easier for us to draw qualified engineers and everything else into
   the mix."

How tariffs suddenly "flip the script"

   L2 Brands, a maker of custom insignia hats and clothing in Hanover,
   Pennsylvania, is busy diversifying where it buys blank hats that are
   imported and then custom-embroidered in York County.

   It takes more than 20 steps for the caps to be made by factories in
   Taiwan and China before being shipped home for finishing by skilled
   embroiders. The local workers operate sophisticated machines
   embroidering 15 hats a time, Brandon Wingert, the executive overseeing
   L2's supply chain, told CBS MoneyWatch.

   Only a handful countries, mostly in Asia, have factories with the
   machinery and workforce capable of making the unfinished caps popular
   with L2 customers. After the merger, demand soared, and Wingert looked
   to buy its unfinished hats from outside Taiwan, home to the company's
   main supplier.

   Tariffs on Chinese goods to go into effect at midnight

   Just as L2 shifted about half its production to China in 2018, the
   Trump administration imposed tariffs on items that included caps.
   Wingert said he was able to negotiate lower prices both in China and
   with his Taiwanese supplier, and he plans to further diversify the
   business.

   "Once the tariffs hit, I started to move in another direction," Wingert
   said. "Now, I'd say probably only 30% or 40% are coming out of China.
   So the tariffs have kind of flipped the script."

   All things being equal, including cost, he's shifting more business
   back to his old supplier not just out of loyalty but also "a little bit
   of patriotism, I'll admit," Wingert said. "We follow beyond just what
   our own interests are, as far as the pushing back against China. You
   hear, you read the news, you know, and how they treat people
   politically."

Entrepreneurs hit, too

   Some local retailers are feeling the squeeze from tariffs. Fashion
   designer Victoria Kageni-Woodard opened her clothing shop focused on
   African designs, Gusa by Victoria, in 2016 in downtown York City after
   spending more than a decade operating heavy machinery in the
   construction industry.

   A Kenya native, Kageni-Woodard closed her small startup in February to
   rework her company into a larger business through a group called the
   Philadelphia Fashion Incubator, which helps steer entrepreneurs. Now
   she's grappling with a more complicated question of where to source her
   fabrics and how to expand profitably.

   Because a huge portion of textiles are now made in China, it made sense
   to look there for basic fabrics, Kageni-Woodard said. But when she
   began investigating having sample boxes of clothing, she found that,
   including tariffs, what was once a $100 prototype box of clothing cost
   $170. The 70% increase just adds to the many factors she must consider
   when planning for a new business in the years ahead, even in a
   supportive community like York, she said.

   "As disconcerting as it is, we still have to maintain spaces,
   entrepreneurs, because it is a constantly changing world, even without
   the tariffs," she said. "It just makes it that much more difficult....
   People love my product. But are they going to be loyal enough to stick
   with me?"

   The round of tariffs on imported Chinese goods enacted on Sept. 1
   included trade taxes on 85% of apparel and accessories imported into
   the U.S., according to an analysis from the Peterson Institute for
   International Economics.

Farmers want "a free and fair market"

   China, as a response to Trump's tariffs, also halted imports of
   soybeans, among other agricultural goods. That's sent global prices
   down, hurting even farmers who don't export, said Mark O'Neill,
   communications director for the Pennsylvania Farm Bureau.

   Soybeans, the top crop in York County, were selling at about $10.50 a
   bushel before the first tariffs were announced last year and China then
   stopped buying the U.S. crop as retaliation. The price dropped more
   than 20% to $8.

   Billions in subsidies from the Trump administration are helping U.S.
   farmers pay their bills, but local farmers want to sell into a thriving
   market they can create over years, O'Neill noted.

   Trump announces "phase one" of trade deal with China

   York County farmers received about $4 million of $12 billion in federal
   subsidies distributed nationwide last year. Most were used for soy and
   corn crops, according to U.S. data provided by the Environmental
   Working Group.

   If a proposed "phase one" agreement between China and the U.S. is
   reached in coming weeks, it may include a China promise to buy $40
   billion to $50 billion in agricultural goods from American farmers.
   Still, farm debt is expected to reach a record $416 billion this year,
   up 40% from 2012.

   Most farmers "would prefer not to receive any [federal] payments. They
   would rather earn their money in a fair and free market," O'Neill said.
   The subsidies help pay bills, but didn't "make them whole."

   "So in one way, they were thankful to get what they got because of some
   bills," O'Neill said. "But ultimately they'd rather operate in a free
   and fair market where they're earning their own money and making more
   money doing so."

   First published on November 18, 2019 / 2:50 PM

   © 2019 CBS Interactive Inc.. All Rights Reserved.

World

   More World
   US Border Agents Patrol Rio Grande Valley As Migrant Crossings Drop

U.S. starts collecting DNA from some migrants, including teens

   Advocates have decried the practice as intrusive, saying it could
   enable the Trump administration to create a massive database to surveil
   immigrants.
   41M ago
   010620-padview.jpg

SpaceX's latest launch seeks to address astronomers' concerns

   The launch boosts the number of Starlink internet relay satellites to
   180 as SpaceX builds a vast constellation.
   4H ago
   Trump

Defense chief says U.S. has no plans to withdraw from Iraq

   Iran abandons key parts of the 2015 nuclear deal over the killing of
   Qassem Soleimani as Trump warns Iraq to stay "friendly" as it considers
   booting U.S. troops.
   7H ago
   Protests at the U.S. Embassy in Baghdad

Firm guarding U.S. diplomats in Baghdad could go bankrupt

   Constellis, which provides security at the U.S. embassy in Baghdad, has
   ties to firm involved in notorious shooting.
   6H ago
   Guatemala US Asylum

Only 2 migrants sent to Guatemala by the U.S. have sought asylum there

   Advocates say the figures show that the asylum agreement with Guatemala
   is designed to deter migrants from coming to the U.S.
   10H ago
   More in World

U.S.

   More U.S.
   US Border Agents Patrol Rio Grande Valley As Migrant Crossings Drop

U.S. starts collecting DNA from some migrants, including teens

   Advocates have decried the practice as intrusive, saying it could
   enable the Trump administration to create a massive database to surveil
   immigrants.
   41M ago
   Boy Scouts, Parents Deliver Petition To Boy Scout HQ To End Ban On LGBT
   Scouts

Lawsuit opens door for more sex abuse claims against Boy Scouts

   The lawsuit contends that the Boy Scouts of America has known since its
   early years that it attracted pedophiles into its ranks of adult
   leaders, yet avoided public acknowledgement of the dangers for decades.
   3H ago
   010620-padview.jpg

SpaceX's latest launch seeks to address astronomers' concerns

   The launch boosts the number of Starlink internet relay satellites to
   180 as SpaceX builds a vast constellation.
   4H ago
   heidi-broussard-and-magen-fieramusca.jpg

Kidnapping suspect said dead woman's baby was hers: Affadavit

   Magen Fieramusca allegedly abducted Heidi Broussard, whose body was
   later found in the trunk of Fieramusca's car.
   4H ago
   US-POLITICS

Pompeo tells McConnell he won't run for Senate

   The secretary of state had been considering a run for Senate in Kansas.
   6H ago
   More in U.S.

Politics

   More Politics
   US Border Agents Patrol Rio Grande Valley As Migrant Crossings Drop

U.S. starts collecting DNA from some migrants, including teens

   Advocates have decried the practice as intrusive, saying it could
   enable the Trump administration to create a massive database to surveil
   immigrants.
   41M ago
   US-POLITICS

Pompeo tells McConnell he won't run for Senate

   The secretary of state had been considering a run for Senate in Kansas.
   6H ago
   trumpjr.jpg

Trump Jr. shows off rifle with depiction of Hillary Clinton behind bars

   "Nice day at the range," the president's eldest son posted on
   Instagram.
   8H ago
   trail-markers-newsletter-620x254-v2.jpg

2020 Daily Trail Markers: Bloomberg embraces straight talk on trail

   Bloomberg is embracing a straight-talking, New York style on the
   campaign trail, which could appeal to voters looking for authenticity.
   8H ago
   BELARUS-US-POLITICS-DIPLOMACY

Bolton says he'll testify in Senate impeachment trial if subpoenaed

   "I have concluded that, if the Senate issues a subpoena for my
   testimony, I am prepared to testify," Bolton said.
   7H ago
   More in Politics

Entertainment

   More Entertainment
   0106-en-weinsteinchargedinla-duncan-2003697-640x360.jpg

Entertainment

Weinstein charged with more sex crimes amid trial

   Harvey Weinstein is facing new charges of rape and sexual assault. The
   additional charges were filed in Los Angeles just as his New York trial
   is about to begin. Jericka Duncan reports.
   7H ago 01:38
   1-dead-celebs-main.jpg

Dead celebrities: A list of the highest-earners

   Liz Taylor, David Bowie, Prince, Elvis — here's who continues to make a
   mint, even from beyond the grave.
   10H ago 39 photos
   Harvey Weinstein departs criminal court on the first day of a sexual
   assault trial in the Manhattan borough of New York City January 6,
   2020.

Harvey Weinstein faces sexual assault charges in Los Angeles

   The announcement comes the same day Weinstein's criminal trial​ kicked
   off in New York City.
   11H ago
   Green Bay Packers v Kansas City Chiefs

Cowboys reportedly tap Mike McCarthy to be head coach

   McCarthy spent 13 seasons as head coach of the Packers and led them to
   a Super Bowl win in the 2010 season
   14H ago
   US-ENTERTAINMENT-SHOWTIME-LOUDEST VOICE

Russell Crowe skipped Golden Globes due to wildfires

   "The Loudest Voice" star wasn't there in person but still delivered a
   powerful message during his acceptance speech.
   14H ago
   More in Entertainment

Technology

   More Technology
   010620-padview.jpg

SpaceX's latest launch seeks to address astronomers' concerns

   The launch boosts the number of Starlink internet relay satellites to
   180 as SpaceX builds a vast constellation.
   4H ago
   hyundai-uber-04.jpg

Uber and Hyundai reveal concept for urban air taxi

   Uber said it hopes to run flight demonstrations in 2020 and to make
   Elevate commercially available to riders as early as 2023.
   7H ago
   Flying drone

FBI investigating mysterious drones in 3 states

   Sheriff's departments across the border area of Colorado, Nebraska and
   Kansas have been flooded with at least 30 reports since mid-December.
   7H ago
   Female journalist at news conference, writing notes, holding microphone

Judge: Journalists missed deadline to challenge new labor law

   Photographers and writers must abide — for now — by a new California
   law that seeks to deem more of them as employees.
   10H ago
   Jetblue Airbus A320

JetBlue to use "sustainable" jet fuel on some flights

   Discount carrier is second airline to vow to offset its carbon
   emissions, as popular movement against flying grows.
   5H ago
   More in Technology

Science

   More Science
   010620-padview.jpg

SpaceX's latest launch seeks to address astronomers' concerns

   The launch boosts the number of Starlink internet relay satellites to
   180 as SpaceX builds a vast constellation.
   4H ago
   Jetblue Airbus A320

JetBlue to use "sustainable" jet fuel on some flights

   Discount carrier is second airline to vow to offset its carbon
   emissions, as popular movement against flying grows.
   5H ago
   Found in San Joaquin Valley by a wildlife biologist who was studying
   the population. It had a broken leg and had separated himself from the
   group.This zoo rescues and rehabilitates injured and orphaned wildlife.

Joel Sartore on saving endangered species – and ourselves

   In order to help stabilize our planet's life support systems, the
   National Geographic photographer says we must step up and work to solve
   environmental problems within our communities
   Jan 5
   high-tide-mapping-in-norfolk-va-promo.jpg

King Tides: Using an app to measure rising sea levels

   To measure flooding of city streets during predictable high tides,
   residents provide crowd-sourced data, giving researchers tools to
   better determine preventive measures
   Jan 4
   0103-ctm-wildfiresandclimate-berardeli-2002277-640x360.jpg

How climate change has intensified the deadly fires in Australia

   The three-year drought in Australia is due in part to a typical weather
   pattern called the Indian Ocean Dipole.
   Jan 3
   More in Science

Health

   More Health
   Snack packs in shopping cart at store

Food labels now show total calories for eating entire package

   From bags of potato chips to pints of ice cream, certain foods must
   show calorie count for consuming all "servings."
   10H ago
   Chicago has one female, African-American organ transplant surgeon. She
   fights disease -- and distrust of doctors

Death index: Top 50 ways Americans die

   These are the most common causes of death in the U.S., according to the
   CDC.
   13H ago 51 photos
   flu-shot.jpg

Flu season prompts hospitals to take extra precautions

   One hospital in Indianapolis created flu checkpoints to keep young
   patients safe.
   Jan 3
   Medicines capsules on dollar bills close up

2020 is three days old and drug prices are already jumping

   Big Pharma this week jacked up the cost of more than 400 drugs,
   including these widely used medications.
   Jan 3
   bacon-n-egg-product-package-600x600.jpg

Egg recall prompts health alert over Cheesewich meal

   Food recall over listeria contamination fears has affected dozens of
   products sold nationwide by many companies.
   12H ago
   More in Health

MoneyWatch

   More MoneyWatch
   hyundai-uber-04.jpg

Uber and Hyundai reveal concept for urban air taxi

   Uber said it hopes to run flight demonstrations in 2020 and to make
   Elevate commercially available to riders as early as 2023.
   7H ago
   Pier 1 Imports Posts Lower Quarterly Profit

Pier 1 Imports to close as many as 450 stores

   Furniture chain known for its eclectic mix of affordable furniture may
   shutter nearly half its outlets.
   8H ago
   Female journalist at news conference, writing notes, holding microphone

Judge: Journalists missed deadline to challenge new labor law

   Photographers and writers must abide — for now — by a new California
   law that seeks to deem more of them as employees.
   10H ago
   Boeing 737 Max

Potentially "catastrophic" issue with 737 Max wiring

   It could theoretically put the plane into a nose dive but sources say
   it's not clear whether that could actually happen.
   15H ago
   gasoline refueling facility

Oil rises above $70 a barrel amid Iran-U.S. conflict

   Crude oil surged to a three-month high after Iran vowed "harsh
   retaliation" for Gen. Qassem Soleimani's death.
   18H ago
   More in MoneyWatch

Crime

   More Crime
   heidi-broussard-and-magen-fieramusca.jpg

Kidnapping suspect said dead woman's baby was hers: Affadavit

   Magen Fieramusca allegedly abducted Heidi Broussard, whose body was
   later found in the trunk of Fieramusca's car.
   4H ago
   Flying drone

FBI investigating mysterious drones in 3 states

   Sheriff's departments across the border area of Colorado, Nebraska and
   Kansas have been flooded with at least 30 reports since mid-December.
   7H ago
   en-drone-2003719-640x360.jpg

FBI investigating mysterious drones over Colorado

   The FBI, FAA and U.S. Air Force are investigating a mystery in the
   skies of Colorado and Nebraska: swarms of drones have been spotted,
   sometimes in formation. Janet Shamlian reports.
   7H ago 01:44
   0106-en-weinsteinchargedinla-duncan-2003697-640x360.jpg

Weinstein charged with more sex crimes amid trial

   Harvey Weinstein is facing new charges of rape and sexual assault. The
   additional charges were filed in Los Angeles just as his New York trial
   is about to begin. Jericka Duncan reports.
   7H ago 01:38
   This photograph shows bedbugs in a flat in Hong Kong on May 26, 2017.
   26MAY17 [FEATURES] SCMP / Edward Wong

Suspect may have released bedbugs at Pennsylvania Walmart

   Multiple pill bottles containing bugs were found in the store.
   8H ago
   More in Crime

Space

   More Space
   010620-padview.jpg

SpaceX's latest launch seeks to address astronomers' concerns

   The launch boosts the number of Starlink internet relay satellites to
   180 as SpaceX builds a vast constellation.
   4H ago
   1230-cbsn-fvp-2020spaceexploration-2000830-640x360.jpg

2020 a big year for space exploration

   SpaceX and Boeing are teaming up with NASA to send astronauts to space.
   CBS News space analyst Bill Harwood joins CBSN to discuss how 2020 will
   be a significant year in space exploration.
   Dec 30, 2019 05:31
   Russia Space Station

NASA astronaut Christina Koch sets a new record in space

   Christina Koch passes Peggy Whitson's 288-day mark on Saturday to set a
   new record for longest single space flight by a female astronaut.
   Dec 27, 2019
   screen-shot-2019-12-25-at-12-31-25-pm.png

Final solar eclipse of the decade will create a "ring of fire"

   The annular solar eclipse will be a Christmas spectacular.
   Dec 25, 2019
   cbsn-fusion-boeings-starliner-spacecraft-returns-to-earth-after-failed-
   docking-mission-thumbnail-430816-640x360.jpg

Boeing Starliner cuts short first mission

   Boeing's Starliner spacecraft landed safely in the New Mexico desert
   Sunday after a failed mission to dock with the International Space
   Station. The re-entry and landing was a success, and the space capsule
   will return to service. CBS senior space consultant Bill Harwood joins
   CBSN with details.
   Dec 23, 2019 04:04
   More in Space

Latest Galleries

   More Latest Galleries
   A December 31, 2019 satellite view of the Batemans Bay in Australia

Australia fires: Pictures from the deadly wildfires

   Millions of acres have already burned.
   8H ago 25 photos
   1-dead-celebs-main.jpg

Dead celebrities: A list of the highest-earners

   Liz Taylor, David Bowie, Prince, Elvis — here's who continues to make a
   mint, even from beyond the grave.
   10H ago 39 photos
   TOPSHOT-THAILAND-ASTRONOMY-SOLAR-ECLIPSE

Stunning photos of the "ring of fire" solar eclipse

   An annular solar eclipse created a "ring of fire" visible from several
   continents the day after Christmas 2019.
   Dec 27, 2019 20 photos
   YE Top Photos 2019

Top photos of 2019: The year in pictures

   Photographers for The Associated Press captured moments of hope and
   heartbreak around the world.
   Dec 24, 2019 52 photos
   6

New on Netflix, Amazon, Disney+, Hulu and More

   Shows and movies you'll want to stream soon.
   Dec 20, 2019 25 photos
   More in Latest Galleries

Popular

   More Popular
   0106-usnotpullingtroopsfromiraq-nde-ndf-ndg-2003867-640x360.jpg

Popular

U.S. not pulling troops out of Iraq

   The Pentagon says it has no intention of pulling U.S. troops out of
   Iraq, despite a draft letter which appeared to show plans to reposition
   troops ahead of a potential withdrawal. CBS News national security
   correspondent David Martin and CBS News White House correspondent
   Weijia Jiang join CBSN to discuss.
   4H ago 10:09
   0106-rb-boltontestifytrial-ncc-nce-2003856-640x360.jpg

Bolton to testify if subpoenaed

   Former National Security Adviser John Bolton says he will testify in a
   Senate impeachment trial if he's subpoenaed. CBSN legal contributor and
   assistant U.S. attorney for New York's Eastern District, Keir Dougall,
   joins CBSN's "Red and Blue" to discuss.
   4H ago 10:13
   0106-rrb-bloombergcampignstrategy-naw-2003850-640x360.jpg

Bloomberg campaign eyeing Super Tuesday

   The Iowa caucuses are less than a month away, but not every campaign is
   focusing on the state. Michael Tubbs, co-chair of the Bloomberg
   campaign, joins "Red and Blue" to discuss the former mayor's strategy.
   4H ago 08:27
   0106-cbsn-cbsnewspoll-2003814-640x360.jpg

CBS News poll shows 3-way tie in Iowa

   With just under a month before the Iowa caucuses, a new CBS News poll
   suggests there is a 3-way tie in the "Hawkeye State" between Bernie
   Sanders, Joe Biden, and Pete Buttigieg. In New Hampshire, Bernie
   Sanders continues to gain momentum. CBS News campaign reporters Nicole
   Sganga and Musadiq Bidar join CBSN's Laura Podesta for a closer look at
   where things stand.
   5H ago 11:55
   0106-cbsn-cestechtrends-2003861-640x360.jpg

New voice-activated tech to appear at CES 2020

   Voice-activated technologies are one of the biggest trends to watch at
   this year's CES — which includes platforms like Apple's Siri and
   Amazon's Alexa. CNET executive editor Roger Cheng is at the convention
   in Las Vegas and joins CBSN's Laura Podesta with more.
   4H ago 02:36
   More in Popular

   Copyright © 2020 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved.

   Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes.

   Market data provided by ICE Data Services. ICE Limitations. Powered and
   implemented by FactSet. News provided by The Associated Press. Legal
   Statement.

     * Privacy Policy
     * CA Privacy/Info We Collect
     * CA Do Not Sell My Info
     * Ad Choice
     * Terms of Use
     * Mobile User Agreement
     * About
     * Advertise
     * Closed Captioning
     * CBS News Store
     * Site Map
     * Contact Us
     * Help

     *
     *
     *
     *

   View CBS News In
     * CBS News app logo CBS News App Open
     * Chrome browser logo Chrome Safari browser logo Safari Continue
