   #CNET Search

   CNET también está disponible en español.
   Ir a español

   Don't show this again

   PS5 unveils logo Impossible Pork SpaceX Starlink launch New Mutants
   trailer Samsung Neon Australia Fires

   CNET

   (BUTTON) CES 2020
   EVERYTHING CES 2020
   The Latest New Products Must-See Next Big Thing
   At CES 2020, Neofect makes rehab fun and engaging for stroke survivors
   Finally! You can now buy the Y-Brush 10-second toothbrush
   (BUTTON) Best Products
   All the best products
   Award Winners Versus Best Headphones Best Laptops Best Phones Best TVs
   Best Speakers Best Routers Best Smart Home Best Tablets Best
   Refrigerators Best Washing Machines Best Digital Cameras Best Hard
   Drives Best Printers Best Wearable Tech Best AV Receivers Best iPhone
   Apps Best Media Streamers Best Dishwashers Best Coffee Machines
   (BUTTON) Reviews
   All reviews
   Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Media
   Streamers Monitors Networking Phones 5G Phones Printers Smart Home
   Speakers Tablets TVs VPNs Wearables & VR Web Hosting
   (BUTTON) News
   All news
   5G Apple Computers Culture Google Health & Wellness Internet Microsoft
   Mobile Newsletters Sci-Tech Security Tech Industry Special Features
   Photo Galleries
   (BUTTON) Video
   All video
   Most Popular News How To Special Features Appliances Audio Cameras
   Gaming Home Entertainment Laptops Smart Home Tablets TVs Wearable Tech
   CNET Top 5 Tech Today The Apple Core What the Future Alphabet City 3:59
   CNET Podcasts
   (BUTTON) How To
   All how to
   Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps
   Phones Photography Security Smart Home Streaming TV Tablets Wearable
   Tech Forums
   (BUTTON) Smart Home
   All smart home
   Best smart home devices Guide to smart living News Tour our smart
   apartment Tour our smart house
   Product compatibility
   Amazon Alexa Apple HomeKit Belkin WeMo Google Assistant Lutron Nest
   Philips Hue Samsung SmartThings Wink
   (BUTTON) Cars
   Roadshow
   Reviews Video News Pictures Recalls AutoComplete Carfection Cooley On
   Cars Car Audio Electric Cars Auto Buying Program
   Best cars
   Best Affordable Cars Best Crossovers Best Electric Cars Best Family
   Cars Best Fuel-Efficient Cars Best Hybrids Best Sedans Best SUVs Best
   Trucks
   (BUTTON) Deals
   All deals
   The Cheapskate Antivirus Deals Identity Theft Protection Deals Mattress
   Deals Meal Kit Deals Password Manager Deals Pillow Deals Prescription
   Glasses Deals Tax Service Deals VPN Deals Web Hosting Deals
   All coupons
   Amazon Promo Codes Best Buy Coupons Dell Coupons eBay Coupons
   ExpressVPN Coupons Groupon Promo Codes HP Coupons Microsoft Promo Codes
   Postmates Coupons Samsung Promo Codes Sprint Promo Codes Target Coupons
   Verizon Promo Codes Walmart Coupons
   Download
   5G
   (BUTTON) Editions
   Editions
   English Español China France Germany Japan Korea
   (BUTTON) Search
   ____________________ (BUTTON)
   Go
   (BUTTON)
   Hi,
   Settings
   My Profile Forums Sign Out
   Join / Sign In

What Trump's China tariffs mean for your Black Friday shopping and beyond

   For now, not much. But prices on laptops and phones could go up in 2020
   as President Trump prepares to slap more tariffs on Chinese imports.

   Marguerite Reardon mugshot
   Marguerite Reardon
   November 25, 2019 7:00 AM PST
     *

     *
     *
     *
     *



   [display?id=210fdb11-41d3-493e-9c11-e8ef57ce47c5]
   shoppers-gettyimages-498934988

   US shoppers may face higher prices on consumer electronics after this
   holiday season if the US and China don't reach a trade agreement by a
   Dec. 15 deadline.
   Joshua Lott/Getty

   For Deena Ghazarian, President Donald Trump's trade war with China
   couldn't have come at a worse time. Less than a month after the founder
   of audio accessories startup Austere kicked off sales this summer, the
   US imposed tariffs on $125 billion worth of products made in China.
   Another round of tariffs affecting a wider array of consumer tech
   products, including laptops and cellphones, is due to take effect Dec.
   15 unless the US and China strike a trade deal. This new round of
   tariffs is expected to affect $160 billion in imports from China.

   The September tariffs hit Austere's entire catalog of 25 products with
   an extra 25% to 27% in costs. The impact on Gharzarian's business has
   been devastating, she said.

   "It's taken 10% off my bottom line," she said in an interview.
   Gharzarian, who is based outside of Portland, Oregon, added she's done
   everything she can to avoid passing on the cost of the tariffs to
   customers. She scrambled before the launch of the company's first
   products to find alternative manufacturing partners outside of China to
   help avoid the tariffs and worked with retailers to spread the effects
   of the added cost of her products.

   And yet she said the cost of getting her products to market was still
   at least 20% more than she had hoped, which resulted in higher prices.

   "We're still competitive," she said. But all of this maneuvering also
   delayed the launch of her products by nearly half a year She also said
   that the company has delayed the introduction of additional products
   and that the situation has slowed her ability to hire more workers.

   "It's definitely taken my eye off of being more innovative," she said.
   "I've had to spend a lot of time figuring out how to work around what's
   happening."
   Now playing: Watch this: How to get great deals on Black Friday
   1:08

   Even big tech companies like Apple could be impacted in significant
   ways if the next set of tariffs hits in mid-December. A research note
   from Wedbush Securities analyst Daniel Ives last week estimates that an
   additional 10% tariff on China would mean a 4% hit to Apple's per-share
   earnings.

   So far, consumers have largely been shielded from price increases as
   suppliers, manufacturers and retailers have tried to spread the cost of
   the new tariffs throughout the supply chain to soften the impact on
   consumers. But experts say the next round of tariffs, if they go into
   effect as planned, could become the breaking point.

   "The administration has tried to avoid tariffs on consumer products up
   to this point," said William Reinsch, a former senior US Commerce
   Department official and a trade expert at the Center for Strategic and
   International Studies. "But this last tranche of products hasn't been
   covered and will hit a lot of consumer end products, which will be
   felt."

   The good news is your Black Friday and other holiday shopping should be
   safe. Trade experts predict that consumers will likely start seeing
   more significant price hikes by spring. And if tariffs aren't rolled
   back within the next few months, those increased prices will be much
   more visible in the 2020 holiday shopping season than they are in 2019.
   Next year's holiday shopping season incidentally starts right around
   the Nov. 3 presidential election.

   To help you understand what's happening and what this means for you,
   CNET has put together this FAQ.

What are the tariffs?

   The world's two biggest economies, the US and China, have been
   entangled in a trade war for more than a year over US allegations that
   China steals technology, forces businesses to hand over trade secrets
   and unfairly subsidizes its technology companies in an aggressive drive
   to overtake US technological dominance.

   Trump has used tariffs -- which are taxes that importers in the US must
   pay to customs when imported goods arrive from China -- as a tool to
   put pressure on the Chinese government to make changes. But the two
   sides have been upping the ante on each other over several months. The
   result has been an all-out trade war that is now affecting tech-sector
   products aimed at consumers.

   A 15% tariff on about $125 billion worth of goods went into effect on
   Sept. 1. It included flat-panel television sets, flash memory devices,
   smart speakers, Bluetooth headphones, multifunction printers and many
   other products like footwear and bed linens.

   But the administration had largely avoided hitting consumer items in
   its earlier rounds of tariff hikes. And specifically, Trump wanted to
   avoid affecting products like Apple's iPhone before this year's holiday
   shopping season, which unofficially kicks off with Black Friday this
   week.

   So he delayed the imposition of 15% tariffs on another set of products
   generally thought of as the heart of the consumer technology sector,
   including $43 billion worth of cellphones imported from China in 2018,
   $37 billion worth of laptop and tablet computers and $12 billion worth
   of toys. In aggregate, this list affects roughly $160 billion worth of
   2018 imports from China, based on US Census Bureau data.

   IFRAME:
   https://open.spotify.com/embed-podcast/episode/0YJPnLa6YXl8uGjEhX6KbX

What's the effect of tariffs on the tech industry?

   Trump has insisted that China pays the cost of tariffs. Economists say
   the actual costs fall on US businesses and then on consumers. Trump
   indirectly acknowledged the tariffs' impact on American companies and
   consumers when he delayed the tariffs on products he knew would be
   affected by holiday sales. Eventually, though, China could be affected
   if its exporters decide to slash prices to stay competitive.

   The Consumer Technology Association, which has been tracking the cost
   of the trade war, said the first round of tariffs in September on goods
   such as TVs, digital cameras, Bluetooth earbuds, smartwatches and
   wearable fitness trackers surpassed $2 billion. The industry
   association calculates the cost of the trade war thus far at about
   $15.5 billion, including nearly $1.5 billion in taxes for products
   critical to 5G deployment.
   03-earfun-free-true-wireless
   Best holiday gifts for under $50
   18 Photos

What's been the effect so far for consumers?

   Prices on some products have gone up, experts say. But in most
   scenarios, suppliers, manufacturers and retailers have all tried to
   mitigate the impact on consumers by spreading out the cost of the
   increased tax. For instance, retailers like Best Buy and Walmart, which
   sell a diverse set of products, are able to adjust prices on other
   products to make up for the cost.

How will next round of tariffs on Dec. 15 affect me?

   Even if a trade deal isn't reached by Dec. 15 and the higher tariffs
   take effect, consumers aren't likely to see price hikes before
   Christmas since the inventory being sold in the US has already been
   imported for sale.

   But Reinsch said there could be instances in which retailers try to
   take advantage of the news around the tariff to hike up prices anyway.

   Consumers will likely see the effects of the tariffs after the holiday
   shopping season. Once retailers run out of holiday inventory, it will
   be harder for them to absorb the costs when they restock in 2020,
   Reinsch added. There will eventually be a breaking point and prices on
   some products will go up. When that happens, it could be very
   noticeable to consumers on high-ticket items like phones or laptops.

   "If there's a 25% price increase on an expensive product like an
   iPhone, people are going to notice," said Reinsch.

Will I pay more for an iPhone or MacBook in 2020?

   Not necessarily. Trump said last week after touring a plant in Texas
   that assembles Apple computers that he was considering exempting Apple
   from tariffs on imports from China.

   "The problem we have is you have Samsung. It's a great company but it's
   a competitor of Apple, and it's not fair if, because we have a trade
   deal with Korea -- we made a great trade deal with South Korea -- but
   we have to treat Apple on a somewhat similar basis as we treat
   Samsung," Trump told reporters, according to a report from Reuters.

   Apple has already been hit with tariffs on some products, including its
   Apple Watch, AirPods, HomePod and certain Beats headphone models,
   according to Bloomberg.  But the company has asked for exemptions on
   those products too. The iPhone and its MacBook laptops could be
   affected in the next round.

Is there hope the next tariffs won't go into effect?

   In October, Trump announced that the US and China had struck a "phase
   one deal" that could eliminate the December tariffs. But details of
   that agreement haven't been formalized. Talks between US and Chinese
   officials have been ongoing. Within the past few weeks, Trump has
   threatened to increase tariffs in December if the US demands aren't
   met. Trump has said repeatedly that the US has the upper hand in the
   negotiations, but China has also expressed that it feels like it's in a
   stronger position in talks.

   Reinsch believes this dichotomy makes the outcome of the trade talks
   unpredictable and high stakes.

   "We're in a dangerous situation," he said, "because both sides feel
   they have the upper hand."

   Negotiations are likely to continue right up to the Dec. 15 deadline.

   The story published at 5 a.m. PT.

   Updated, 7 a.m. PT.

Apple

     * reading
       •
       What Trump's China tariffs mean for your Black Friday shopping and
       beyond
     * Jan 7
       •
       Wacom One newbie pen display connects to Android as well as Mac and
       PC
     * Jan 7
       •
       Blood pressure-sensing earbuds are coming in 2020
     * Jan 7
       •
       Netflix, Disney Plus and Amazon combine thanks to this streaming
       device
     * Jan 7
       •
       Intel packs one enormous foldable screen into new PC prototype
     * •
       See All

   Comments
   Politics Walmart Bluetooth Best Buy Samsung Donald Trump
   Notification on
   Notification off
   Apple
   Close

Discuss: What Trump's China tariffs mean for your Black Friday shopping and
beyond

   (BUTTON) Sign in to comment

   Be respectful, keep it civil and stay on topic. We delete comments that
   violate our policy, which we encourage you to read. Discussion threads
   can be closed at any time at our discretion.

   English | Español
   More From CNET
   After-Christmas 2019 deals
   Best phones of 2019
   Holiday Survival Guide
   Upgrade to Windows 10 for free
   The guide to wellness
   About
   About CNET
   Sitemap
   Careers
   Help Center
   Privacy Policy
   Terms of Use
   Mobile User Agreement
   Licensing
   Ad Choice
   CA Privacy/Info We Collect
   CA Do Not Sell My Info
   Follow us
   © CBS Interactive Inc.
   All Rights Reserved.
